- Okay, now let's display all the current reservations
that we get from the backend API.
First up, let's open up IntelliJ.
Open up the file app.components.ts.
Let's modify the create reservation method.
On line 67, let's add in curly braces.
And let's call get current reservations every time we
create a new one to keep the list updated.
Now let's open up add.component.html and on line 39
let's add in a new div.
Let's set the class equal to row, and let's add in an
angular directive ngIf.
Let's pass in the value current reservations, so that this
block will only be displayed if we have any
current reservations.
Let's add in an h1 and update the label to be
Now let's nest another div and let's use the ngFor
directive to iterate through the list of
current reservations.
Now let's create an unordered list element.
And let's create three list items.
First, let's display the room number by calling the room
number field on the current reservation.
Let's go ahead and highlight and copy line 45 to
create a new line item.
Then let's display the price.
On the next line, let's share the check-in date.
For date formatting, we could use a pipe or other directive.
But for now we're just going to keep it simple and display
the month and the day, separated by a dash.
Now, let's also display the check-out.
Let's restart our Angular app.
Let's see, let's take a look at this error.
Let's fix the name of the method invocation in
create reservation.
Okay, now let's open up a browser, let's refresh and
we can see we have one current reservation.
Let's scroll up and we can see the one current reservation
displayed here.
Let's try adding one more.
And we can see it's displayed there.
Let's head back to the html page, and let's add a divider
in between each list.
There we go, that's a bit more readable.
So now we're displaying each current reservation that
we have created.